v1.11.0 release (#990)
nerves-project/nerves: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## v1.11.0 - 2024-07-05

This release includes support for Elixir 1.17 and is generally
safe for most, but some setups may be broken and require small
changes:

* Minimum Elixir version is now `1.13`
* If using Elixir >= 1.17, `vm.args.eex` needs to be updated

>   to use the run function `-run elixir start_cli`. Firmware
>   creation will be halted with a useful error to prevent creating
>   an unbootable image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  to use the run function `-run elixir start_cli`. Firmware
  builds will fail if `vm.args.eex` settings are incompatible with
  the current Elixir version to prevent unbootable images.
```
How's this sound?
